---
description: 'About the author of RCommon: Jason Webb'
---

# About the Author

I started writing software professionally in 2000 during the technology bubble in Atlanta. It was a whirlwind through the Java, C++ and Oracle ecosystem when Visual Cafe and Borland dominated the IDE market. I was at one start-up after another for the first five years of my career working endless hours. Learning. Finding success anywhere I could. That led me to a relatively mature private equity owned company where I met a wonderful architect and human that taught me the art of getting things done. In the vein of getting things done, I learned how to create truly reusable code and spent what seems like a lifetime in designing first generation object relational mappers (ORM) so that my teams could spend less time on data access layers and focus on business logic. I started to realize not only the architectural value of using design patterns, but also the operational value to teams that used design patterns and tooling plow objectives more efficiently. I soon became a development manager though in a very hands-on manner. That company was ultimately acquired by an international 500 company and that was where I was introduced to some truly inspirational enterprise application architects that educated me about how to build applications that survive in the enterprise. Domain Driven Design, Test Driven Development, and high-volume transactional web applications was the order of business. I found myself in the driver seat of a fast-growing business unit with a talented albeit inexperienced software engineering team spanning multiple states and countries. It was at this time that I learned that following good patterns and practices isn't valuable unless your team knows how to leverage them. I found a true love and enjoyment in building technology teams that embrace sound application architecture while remaining committed to getting things done. Over my 24+ years, I've found that you can deliver well-built software in an expeditious manner. This became one of the key tenants for RCommon and it has become the infrastructure code of many of the organizations that I have been a part of as a result.&#x20;

Lastly, it would not be accurate to say I am the sole author of RCommon as code has been taken literally or inspirationally from many projects over time. Credit is given to all the various authors throughout the codebase and adheres to the license requirements of those authors. Thanks to all that have helped along the way and I hope this code helps you with your projects as much as it has helped me and the people I have worked with.
